CQA for ANP docs (#111931)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-anp-nodes-peer-concept.adoc

[id="nw-anp-egress_{context}"]
= Northbound traffic controls for AdminNetworkPolicy and BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy

[role="_abstract"]
You can use `AdminNetworkPolicy` and `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy` resources in {product-title} to control your northbound traffic leaving the cluster or traffic leaving the node to other nodes in the cluster.

> You can do the following:

Reviewer: Would like to see this enhanced a little bit. It's not wrong, but something like: 

```suggestion
`AdminNetworkPolicy and BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy` resources support the following egress traffic control scenarios in {product-title}:
```

        port: 6443
        protocol: TCP
    to:
    - nodes:
        matchExpressions:
        - key: node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane
          operator: Exists
    - pods:
        namespaceSelector:
          matchLabels:
            dept: engr
        podSelector: {}
  priority: 55
  subject:
    namespaces:
      matchExpressions:
      - key: security
        operator: In
        values:
        - restricted
        - confidential
        - internal
----

where:

`spec.egress.to.nodes.matchExpressions`:: Specifies a node or set of nodes in the cluster using the `matchExpressions` field.
`spec.egress.to.pods.namespaceSelector.matchLabels`:: Specifies all the pods labeled with `dept: engr`.

> `spec.subject.namespaces.matchExpressions`:: Specifies the subject of the ANP which includes any namespaces that match the labels used by the network policy. The example matches any of the namespaces with the `restricted`, `confidential`, or `internal` level of `security`.

Reviewer: Are you aware that spec.subject.namespaces.key has been removed?

Author: Yeah, I felt like key/value pairs are pretty standard info for ovn so I got rid of it because I thought it was unnecessary bloat. Also, the previous field's definition basically implicitly defines what a key/value pair is.

    action: "Deny"
    to:
    - networks:
      - 0.0.0.0/0
---
----

where:

> ** The `spec.egress.to.networks` field for the egress rule with the name `deny-egress-to-external-dns-servers` specifies a range of CIDR networks outside of the cluster.

Reviewer: Can be ignored if you did not use Cursor.

This might be the same error that you and I are working on now. As this is a YAML, I wonder if it should be written as 

where:

`spec.egress.to.networks`:: Specifies. . . 

Admittedly, I'm not sure if there's a rule against using this format. It's structured correctly according to Andrea's rules here. https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/102276/changes#diff-6fe96aeb62e6fe96e00a5c3f673206a3d75dbac3a74cf774f1ae9abaa3882054R74-R77. 

Not sure if you used that Cursor command to generates these.

Author: This is actually what Andrea and I came up with and yeah I followed that diff to a T. 🤷🏻‍♂️

        matchExpressions:
        - key: node-role.kubernetes.io/worker
          operator: Exists # All other egress traffic is passed to NetworkPolicy or BANP for evaluation.
  priority: 30
  subject:
    namespaces:
      matchLabels:
        apps: all-apps
----

where:

`metadata.name`:: Specifies the name of the policy.

> `spec.egress`:: For `nodes` and `networks` peers, you can only use northbound traffic controls in ANP as `egress`.

Reviewer: Maybe...

```suggestion
spec.egress:: Specifies northbound egress traffic control rules in ANP for `nodes` and `networks` peers.
```

but it does lose the "you can only use. . ." meaning. Tough reword. Fine merging as-is.

Author: Yeah, I was stuck on this. I'm going to leave it because it is actually pretty important that you only use northbound.
